we find ourselves with windswept davids
camogli the air and today we prepare a
nice daiquiri beqiri a pre dinner of
old famous date of origins
Caribbean in the meantime iced up the
cup then we put the ice in the
glass of yours
we must fill your arrive at
three quarters abundant yes
let's refresh your little one too
colostrai we throw away the water in
excess this point we start with the
real cocktail preparation
composed of white bacardi
ok
of lime juice
and some liquid cane sugar then
bacardi lime sugar cane juice
once you put the ingredients into it
Yes, yes
talent the harmonious sound known away
the ice the cup obviously
refreshed trolling
wonder
the cocktail is ready you can garnish
maybe with a slice of lime
and this is our kinetic system
daiquiri